What is the Spring Framework?
What version(s) of Spring are we using?
What is tight coupling? Loose coupling?
What is the difference between a framework and a library?
What are some of the advantages of using Spring?
What is dependency injection?
What are the different approaches to dependency injection in Spring?
What is the Spring Bean life cycle?
What are some of the modules of Spring? What do they help you achieve?
What are some of the Spring projects?
What is the IOC container/Application Context?
What was the old IOC container in Spring? How does it differ from the current IOC container?
What are some of the different implementations of the Application Context? When do we use them?
What are some Spring stereotypes? What are they used for?
What are some of the other annotations available in Spring?
List some of the annotations used in Spring MVC. What are they used for?
What is a Spring Bean?
What is Bean wiring? How do explicitly wire a bean in? Autowire a bean?
What are some of the different ways in which we can wire beans? How do they work? What are the advantages/disadvantages of the different approaches?
What are Bean scopes?
What are some of the tags used in the ApplicationContext.xml?
What is the name of the only servlet used in Spring MVC? How do you configure it?
What is a controller?
What is the HandlerMapping interface?
How is a Controller different from a RestController?
How do I handle exceptions in Spring MVC? (Not Covered)
What is REST? SOAP?
What does a SOAP message look like?
What HTTP verb is used to send a request to a SOAP service?
What is HTTP?
What might be present in an HTTP request? An HTTP Response?
What are the different HTTP status codes?
What are the different HTTP verbs/methods?
How do I expose/consume REST? SOAP?
What is an aspect?
What is a cross-cutting concern? Examples of cross-cutting concerns?
What is AspectJ?
What is Advice?
What are some of the different types of Advice?
How does Spring AOP allow you to modularize concerns?
What are some of the AspectJ annotations? What do they do?
What is a Pointcut?
What is a Join Point? Proceeding Join Point?
What is a web service?
What is REST? What are the constraints of REST?
What is HTTP?
What are the HTTP verbs?
What is Postman? ARC? SoapUI?
How would you test your web services?
What is the JPA Repository?
What is Spring Data JPA?
What is Spring Boot?
What does the @SpringBootApplication annotation do? Which annotations does it rely on under the hood?
What is Spring JMS?
What is point to point communication?
What is a messaging queue?
What is a topic? A queue?